[Music]
well up foodtubers ok mr. Oliver here
today we're gonna cook scrambled eggs
three ways we're gonna go a la English
way I love the French way and the
American Way
beautiful scrambled eggs so delicious
the chicken egg is the most delicious
and cheap form of brilliant protein on
the planet fat they have loads of
micronutrients and they're so quick to
cook so English scrambled eggs we're
going to go onto a medium heat I am
gonna go 2 eggs per person I'm gonna do
it for two so just whisk those eggs up
now one little request
I hate battery eggs so minimum for me
standard eggs is barn eggs and of course
free-range and free-range organic is the
way to go so let's do it I'm gonna go in
with a nice knob of butter straight in
just with a little salt in we go and for
me the perfect thing to move the eggs
around is a little spatula like this so
I'm just going to move it around and
very quickly you can see it setting
around the base you can see there's
little cooked curds and the raw egg so
I'm just going to leave it every sort of
five seconds I'll give it a little move
around you don't want it to catch too
much some people put milk in some people
put cream in if you cook it right you
don't need any of that this is cooked
now but you got to remember that this
pan is still warm and they're going to
continue to cook so all I do is when I
get to this stage but I just put it to
one corner of the pan and that way it's
not going to kind of overcook any more I
get my toast
you can butter your toast but remember
we've got a nice knob of butter already
on our rambled eggs so on we go with our
lovely beautiful English style scrambled
eggs you can see it's medium curds still
with moisture around mmm completely
beautiful those are still soft in
texture
so English eggs done soft Gorge
delicate next french-style bonjour je
m'appelle Jamie gem la ERV ERV of over
anyway
French style eggs you likely season for
free-range eggs we whip it up and see
here we've got about an inch of boiling
water and we're gonna cook this over a
bain-marie a water bath okay now here's
the thing eggs cook at a very low
temperature and it takes a while
[Music]
okay so now you can see there are kind
of curds beginning to form you can see
them on the end of here just about and
now it's a good time to put few knobs of
butter in there so I'm gonna go from a
whisk now and I'm gonna use a little
spatula and you're gonna start to see a
more gentle delicate curd coming out so
look there we go we're in a good place
on we go and very very different to the
English when you eat it it's very very
fine it's very luxurious there you go
guys
French style eggs they are delicious and
finally food tubers we're gonna finish
with the american-style eggs okay so
we're gonna start off the same put a
little salt in to our at four eggs we're
gonna use a frying pan go in we have a
knob of butter
let's get that bubbling away we're gonna
go in with the eggs you'll see it starts
to set and as it starts to sit I'm
bringing in these beautiful sheets and
you get this kind of rule Rd folded
gorgeous diner eggs
see these beautiful sheets happening
guys the same rules apply to the French
in the English we want it to be gentle
cooking so it's a joy so we're looking
good guys last but not least there's
something quite delicate but substantial
about this and you can see there's shani
parts where it's just cooking let's cook
parts that are delicate and shitty look
at that scrambled American style eggs so
tasty now all of these Styles French
English and American they've all had the
same eggs same pinch of salt same amount
butter but the method that we've used to
cook them has completely not only
changed the texture and the look but the
taste so we've done the English the
French in the American that's just the
tip of the iceberg there's hundreds of
countries from all around the world so
how do you cook your eggs let us know we
love it that's what food Tube is all
about take care guys
[Music]
you